walking is a great way to clear your  head boost your energy and it's a  wonderful time to bond with family and  friends it's easy to do you don't really  need a lot of equipment and you can do  it just about any time or any place in  fact that's probably why it's one of  america's favorite physical activities  with over 111 million regular  participants unfortunately some of us  are missing out  [Music]  we're driving our cars and putting gas  when we could be enjoying the benefits  of walking  your question every day should not be  whether you're going to take a walk but  when actually go walk rather than drive  for errands it really doesn't matter and  even if you only have a few minutes  that's fine most important thing is to  make walking part of every day so that  it becomes a routine part of your  lifestyle  one new product will help keep your  walking routine on track and keep you  entertained at the same time as personal  trainer walking for the portable  nintendo ds and nintendo dsi video game  systems  [Music]  personal trainer walking makes going for  a walk more than a mode of  transportation or routine physical  activity it makes walking productive and  fun  i used to be a competitive race walker  so i've logged my share of miles on foot  and i can tell you from personal  experience that actually measuring and  recording your progress is one of the  keys to a successful walking regimen  take enough steps to meet the target the  light on the activity meter changes from  red to green letting you know you're on  track the activity meter itself can  track up to seven days worth of data but  you can download that into your personal  trainer walking game card and it'll  track up to five years worth of data in  the calendar it's also the first  nintendo ds title that allows you to  import your custom new characters from  the wii console or to create the ones  from scratch  if you want to find out more information  about personal trainer walking just  visit  personaltrainerwalking.com  personal trainer walking is rated  for everyone  [Music]  you